Did you bring everyone you wanted?
Is that you, Xiaole?
Help us!
Xiaole, you have suffered
I have done everything I promised you.
Why don't you let him go?
Blue Dragon
I didn't expect you to remain unchanged after three years
Have you forgotten the rules of the Blood Jade Gate?
Owe Dao, this king still doesn't kneel down
Kneel down who kneels you
My good master wound
You really thought you were the king of blood rain three years ago
The handrail of the four seas is ordered in a lifetime.
To tell you the truth
Now the blood jade is in the world of Elder Lei
No need for the new king to join on the 3rd
I was promoted to leader
And you won't see that day
You traitors
When this king was not around, he thought of seeking power and usurping the throne
Looks like it's time to reignite the blood rain
Shimizu shot
Just don't think I don't know you disappeared for three years
lost power
Now I kill you
It's as simple as breathing.
Lin Fan
Once upon a time, you might have had to fight with me
But now you're not worth mentioning at all
boring
Lin Fannian in our past love
Today, the old man will personally send it to the west